update with Windows Server information (#3144)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/protect/mde-security-integration.md

### Device check-in frequency

> During the first Enrollment through MDE in Microsoft Endpoint Manager Windows Server devices will take up to 2-3 days to correctly load security policy for the first time. After the Enroll Devices managed by this capability check in with Microsoft Endpoint Manager every 90 minutes to update policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the first enrollment through Microsoft Defender for Endpoint in Microsoft Endpoint Manager, Windows Server devices will take up to two or three days to correctly load security policy for the first time. Thereafter, the enrolled devices managed by this capability check in with Microsoft Endpoint Manager every 90 minutes to update policy.
```

- Expedite telemetry reporting frequency (under **Endpoint Detection and Response**)
- AllowIntrusionPreventionSystem (under **Antivirus**)

> ### Managing security configurations on Windows Server (no domain Controller)
> 
> The first Enrollment with MDE can take some hours to correctly show the Devices in Microsoft Endpoint Manager. After the enrollment the system will take up to 2-3 days to load for the first time security policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Managing security configurations on Windows Server (no domain controller)

The first enrollment with Microsoft Defender for Endpoint might take some hours to correctly show the devices in Microsoft Endpoint Manager. After the enrollment, the system will take up to two or three days to load security policy for the first time.
```
